[opening theme music playing]
[melancholy music playing]
[rustling footsteps]
Seo Yul of the Seo family.
Don't come near me ever again.
[gasps]
If I see you again,
I won't hesitate to kill you.
[gasps] Please wait.
[Seo Yul] Back then,
I could not stop her from leaving.
I could not even ask her why.
The moment my heart was cut down
by her blade,
the time we had together
could not even become memories.
Instead, I buried them deep inside.
[Seo Yul sighs]
What are you doing up so early?
And what are you doing out here?
Mu-deok.
I could ask you the very same thing.
I caught a bird, so that I can cook it.
I don't enjoy eating. Don't worry.
I'll make rice with chestnuts too.
The chestnuts here in Danhyanggok
are very sweet.
[young Naksu] The chestnuts in Danhyanggok
[soft music playing]
I don't enjoy sweet things either.
However much you dislike them,
you could have just declined.
A single gesture from you
could kill someone like me, you know.
Do not exaggerate.
Although I may dislike them,
I would not kill you over it.
You really do not like them, huh?
[Seo Yul] There is no need for you
to prepare breakfast.
We will leave once Dang-gu wakes up.
If you do not wish to eat,
then just leave.
I thought you were getting ready to leave.
I've changed my mind, so please, serve me.
You said you didn't want it.
I never said I didn't want it.
Don't twist my words.
Since you had a lot to drink yesterday,
I imagine that you would
still be feeling unwell, so,
I said that because I did not wish
to burden you on our account.
I understand.
I guess I had better rinse
some more rice for you.
Where's the rice?
-I will do it.
-Have you cooked rice before?
I admit that I have not,
I will be able to do it
if you explain how.
It is quite simple.
First, you rinse it around, then pour in
a decent amount of water, and boil it.
Then you let it sit for some time.
[hesitates] It does seem simple.
[Mu-deok] Oh.
You said you could do it
if I just explained to you how!
You said cooking it seemed simple!
It was not as simple as it seemed.
I'm sorry about that.
[Mu-deok] Gosh, this is--
What do I do with this?
You burnt all of it!
[sighs]
Since it was my fault,
let me make it up to you.
Those vegetables need chopping, right?
Teach me how I should chop them for you.
-[whimsical music playing]
-[Mu-deok sighs]
[Mu-deok] Ugh, what do we do with this?
-Such a waste.
-Oh my god.
[Jang Uk] Hey, Dang-gu.
Hey.
Before you leave,
you should consider bathing.
It has mineral water,
so your skin will be nice.
Have some breakfast too.
Well.
Mu-deok's making breakfast
with Yul, together.
-Together?
-[Dang-gu] Mm-hmm.
[in sing-song tone]
Yul is cooking with Mu-deok, together.
[Dang-gu giggles]
Oh goodness.
I told you
to cut the green onions into big pieces.
-This big though?
-[Mu-deok] No.
Do you not understand what "big" mean?
"Big", as in "large".
[Seo Yul] "Big", as in "large".
[huffs]
No! Those are too small. Too small.
[Mu-deok] Hmm?
Big… pieces… like that.
Well, you should have told me
the exact size.
How am I supposed to know
what you mean by a "big piece", huh?
[sighs] I can't believe
that the best mage of Jeongjingak
cannot even differentiate
between a big and small piece.
I mean, seriously.
Forget it. You can just go pour
a bowl of water into that soup.
Uh…
okay, but which bowl do you mean?
This one?
Or do you mean… this one?
[sighs]
The small one.
[Jang Uk chuckles]
Why does it seem like
Mu-deok is yelling at Yul?
Is she really in love with him?
That is the type of girl she is.
She's not one who feels shy
in front of anyone.
[Dang-gu] Goodness me. Seo Yul.
Despite being scolded by Mu-deok,
he is still doing his best to learn.
-To learn?
-Look at them.
Hey, I said that was enough. Hey!
I do not enjoy salty food.
[Mu-deok sighs]
-[Dang-gu] He has never been like that.
-Taste it.
[Dang-gu] Not even in front of
Master Heo or my uncle.
How interesting.
Does he not remind you
of an intimidated pupil
in front of his master?
[Mu-deok] The soup is bland.
Ugh, you see?
You should have stopped pouring water
when I told you to.
-[Seo Yul] I'm sorry.
-[Dang-gu] A cute master.
And her diligent pupil.
[Mu-deok sighs]
[Mu-deok] It should be fine.
Just needs to boil down.
A master and her pupil?
I mean, don't be so stubborn!
This is your first time.
You don't know
what you're doing right now.
[eastern-style dramatic music playing]
[Dang-gu] All right.
So, shall we taste it to see
how well Mu-deok taught you how to cook?
And find out if you learned?
Oh, it's so good!
It is good?
I tasted it every now and then
as Mu-deok instructed.
You did good.
You must be thrilled to receive
a compliment from your master, Yul.
I have been called a prodigy
my entire life,
so I thought I was good at everything.
Today, I learned
there are things I'm not good at.
[Seo Yul] Mu-deok.
Thank you for helping me realize this.
It was quite frustrating
because he could not understand
what I was telling him.
But he still showed the determination
to try till the end.
That is
why I did not give up on teaching him.
[scoffs] Look at you.
If anyone heard you talk,
they'd think he cooked for the King.
Actually, you can learn a lot
from making one meal.
-You should learn as well.
-[Jang Uk] I'm not sure.
Unlike someone, I do not have
a great master to teach me.
Sorry, Uk, the rice is a bit burnt.
Mm-hmm.
[Dang-gu] Well, you can just learn
how to do it again.
Hey, Mu-deok, do you think
Yul can do better?
He is not completely hopeless.
[Seo Yul] Thank you for deeming me so.
[Mu-deok chuckles softly]
[sighs]
[Jang Uk]
Why are you washing the dishes alone?
[Jang Uk] Why don't you ask
your star pupil to help with the dishes?
Seo Yul prepared the meal for us,
so of course
the servant ought to clean up on her own.
Did you enjoy teaching him how to cook?
You wish that…
Yul was your pupil instead?
It would be easier
if Seo Yul were my pupil.
[Mu-deok] He's diligent
and obeys his master.
And he is not lazy
or reckless like someone I know.
Hey, Master, don't cheat on me.
What?
No matter how much you desire
a diligent and obedient pupil,
I'm to remain your one and only pupil.
A master should never have two pupils.
Just as a pupil
should never have two masters!
Are you getting angry with me right now
because I taught Yul
how to cook breakfast?
Huh? Yes, I am angry.
How dare you teach some other guy
when you have a pupil
who is alive and well?
[Jang Uk] If you're going to teach someone
how to cook, teach me.
-Teaching him is betrayal and cheating.
-Ah. [scoffs]
I can try to understand
how it can be a betrayal,
but that's cheating to you?
[Mu-deok] I'm speechless.
I thought that…
I sensed cheating in the air.
[soft harmonious music playing]
What was that?
-What now?
-Oh, uh, Mu-deok, do not cheat on me.
I feel so hurt and upset about it.
I cannot believe that I have a pupil
who is so possessive like this.
Fine, I understand.
From now on, my only pupil
will be you who spews nothing but nonsense
first thing in the morning. Happy?
-But--
-[Dang-gu] Mu-deok!
[Dang-gu] Mu-deok!
Young Master,
if I address others as Young Masters
and if I follow them around,
is that cheating too?
No. Well, that simply cannot be helped.
But the other young masters,
be a bit, um--
Oh, indifferent, yeah?
-What a horse shit.
-[dishes clacking]
[in cheerful voice]
Young Master Park! I hear you!
Mu-deok, I said you are upsetting me!
Be indifferent!
[Dang-gu] Whoa.
Now that is tall.
Yul, is this the tree
you kept talking about this whole time?
-[harmonious music playing]
-[Seo Yul] I think it is.
I cannot believe it really exists.
How did you know that I was injured?
There is a tall tree up on the hill.
If you climb to the top of that tree,
you can see all of Danhyanggok.
From the top of that tree,
So, does that mean…
you've been up there before, Mu-deok?
I meant it's likely, since it is so tall.
Then, do you want to go up?
Want me to carry you up there?
Hey, Dang-gu,
how are you going to climb that tree?
To get all the way up there, Chisu…
Chisu is the least you should master.
[Dang-gu] You think so?
[Seo Yul]
You think I should give it a try?
[Dang-gu exhales excitedly]
Oh, yes!
You might be able
to make it to the top, Yul.
Mu-deok, you want to go up with him?
[whimsical music playing]
Would you like to go up?
No, thanks.
I don't want to climb to the top
of such a special tree with just anyone.
Anyone?
[Dang-gu laughs]
Oh gosh, I guess Mu-deok is too afraid
to climb to the top, huh?
[Dang-gu] We should go. Come on.
Let us go. Come on.
[chuckles]
[Jin] I have examined
the core of his energy.
CORE OF ENERGY:
THE CENTER OF A BODY'S ENERGY
He was not a mage capable of spells.
He was just a commoner.
Then, I am certain there are
more victims like this one.
This means
that Soul Shifters are lurking among us.
What do you think we should do, Master?
Instead of capturing
any lurking Soul Shifters,
you should find the origin of the sorcery.
I suspect Cheonbugwan is behind all this.
This one, who recently managed
to infiltrate Songrim,
was also a Cheonbugwan
constellation recorder mage.
And the one who erased all traces of Naksu
and her mages after they all died is
the Assistant Gwanju Jin Mu
of Cheonbugwan.
Naksu?
[tense music playing]
[Sang-ho] We were able to identify
the body with the possessions he had.
Who is he?
He was a low-ranking servant
who worked for Cheonbugwan.
Huh? I knew it was him!
Cheonbugwan did it again!
I will go and confront
that scoundrel Jin Mu.
Fo-- follow me, Sang-ho.
Yeom!
Yes?
Do not do anything.
[gasping]
In your youth,
you used to act so recklessly.
You may have aged,
but that temper of yours is still there.
I am sorry, Master.
Now is not the best time.
For now, we must observe them discreetly.
Well, Jin.
You sure have grown up well, huh?
[Master Lee] I still remember
when you were in a diaper.
When did you grow up so fast, hmm?
-Leading your people?
-[Jin chuckles shyly]
[whimsical music playing]
[gasps]
Uh, Master!
[Heo Yeom chuckling awkwardly]
My Lord, who is that man?
Master Lee.
That man was the former pupil
of Master Seo Gyeong,
the founder of Songrim.
[laughs softly]
But he looks so young, my Lord.
He is not young.
I vividly remember singing…
[chuckles]
…at his 100th birthday party.
I even danced like this.
[Heo Yeom]
Is this Sapsali dog really Gwigu?
[Heo Yeom laughs]
So it was you, Master,
who took Gwigu from Jinyowon.
[chuckles]
He's the only one
who can find the Soul Shifter.
Did you say the one
who died while soul shifting was Naksu?
[Heo Yeom] Yes.
She was a notorious assassin,
very skilled in spells.
Was that Naksu's soul
that I sensed in her body?
[suspenseful music playing]
The one who has the sword
of the Gwanju of Cheonbugwan
is his son, Jang Uk, yes?
Yes. Did you meet Uk
while on your way to Songrim?
Before I arrived, I met a boy
with a binding bracelet on his arm
and his servant.
Hmm. How interesting.
[Dang-gu sighs]
Mu-deok packed us some chestnuts.
Yes, enjoy it. They are nice.
Be sure to give some to Maidservant Kim.
Okay.
Hmm.
[Dang-gu] Uh…
[Dang-gu] Wait.
Why did you bring
your father's sword with you?
Oh, that? Um, Mu-deok brought it here.
Why bring this precious sword
if you aren't going to train with it?
Should I take it to Maidservant Kim?
You will never be…
his son.
[melancholy music playing]
Yeah, you can take it.
Hmm.
-We should go.
-[Dang-gu] Sure.
You came to Danhyanggok often
to pick herbs, right?
Have you ever encountered someone
who lived here?
Not yet. Who would want
to live in a place like this?
[Seo Yul] Ah, I see.
And…
is Danhyanggok very cold in the winter?
Why do you ask?
I have never come here during the winter.
I always got worried
when it started snowing.
I got worried if it was too cold.
Or if everything was covered in snow.
[sighs softly]
[soft music playing]
[sighs]
Winter in Danhyanggok is…
much warmer than you would think.
As soon as the sun rises,
the snow tends to melt pretty quickly.
Thank you. I am relieved.
[Mu-deok] There's plenty of food
to eat in the winter,
and many places to take refuge.
-[Dang-gu] These chestnuts will be tasty,
-Yes, they are really nice.
[gasps] Wow.
Should we stay another day?
[Dang-gu] Hmm?
Mu-deok must really like him.
I mean, Mu-deok does not like him.
She does not, okay?
It's obvious that she does,
I'm telling ya.
Look, Uk.
The way she looks at the two of us
and the way she looks at Yul
are completely different.
[soft harmonious music playing]
I can still sense it in the air.
[wind howling]
Is it coming from over there?
Dang-gu, let's go.
Got it.
[Dang-gu sighs] Goodbye.
Take care of Mu-deok.
[Dang-gu] Come on.
[sighs]
[huffs]
I will go see them off, okay?
[clears throat]
[whimsical music playing]
[scoffs]
-[Jang Uk] Safe travels.
-[Seo Yul] Bye, Uk.
Try to remember
where you lost your Spirit Plaque.
-I will.
-[Dang-gu] And lie low.
The Unanimous Assembly
gathered because of you.
I assume all 12 of my former masters
were in attendance then?
[Dang-gu] They'd all been your masters,
but they were so heartless.
They even brought up the idea
of cutting off your energy flow.
-Why would they even bring that up?
-What?
Because you're a mage
who fled from a duel.
[Dang-gu] But it's a ridiculous duel.
And you didn't want it either.
No one expects you to show up anyway, so.
So you just stay here
and keep being laid-back
like you always are.
[sighs]
[Seo Yul] The leader wanted me
to ask you something.
He asked if you were doing
what you were told.
[Jin] You are
the child of an affair
had by your mother Do-hwa.
But we cannot allow you
to lead Cheonbugwan after your father.
So you can stop dreaming
because you'll never become anything…
like your father.
Continue to remain the Young Master…
of the Jang family
who doesn't know anything.
So, can I tell him
that you are doing what you were told?
Have I ever listened
to what others have told me?
I continue to live as I wish
and not listen to anyone,
so please go tell him that.
Dang-gu, give me the sword now.
Why?
Because I'll help Mu-deok
catch a pheasant.
Safe travels.
Did we just hurt Uk's pride
with what we said?
[Seo Yul] Let him be.
He can't return
just to meet a dignified death.
As it turns out, you decided
to keep your father's sword.
It hurts to hear
that everyone is mocking me.
Well, now that your pride is hurt,
we should train
like our lives depend on it.
Are you happy to hear that?
You seem glad to hear
that your pupil's become a joke.
Shall I rub salt into the wound
now that you have been knocked down?
Your friends didn't even ask you to return
to Songrim to face the Crown Prince.
Although I'm sure they would have fought
to the death had they been in your shoes.
[Mu-deok] They only told you
to hide and to run away from the reality.
Can you guess why?
That's because our Young Master
is worthless.
My Master's tongue is as sharp as a knife.
You stab and cut me.
You're merciless.
I'll continue to stab you
with knives all over,
if it means getting my pupil
back on his feet.
[Jang Uk] Yes, Master.
Please continue stabbing
your worthless pupil while he's down.
You're to draw your sword
when you have been spited.
Why are you slinking off again?
Your words were too spiteful.
It hurt me again.
I need to bathe and cool myself down.
[whimsical music playing]
How can he bathe
so many times in a single day?
You worthless, lazy scumbag.
Just burn yourself in the hot water!
Look at that. What kind of master
would wish for her pupil to burn himself?
[clicks tongue]
[huffs]
Does Uk know
how he lost the Spirit Plaque?
Does he remember anything specific?
Oh, well, it is possible
someone picked it up and then sold it,
which would then explain
why those men had it.
I heard there's a place
that trades such Spirit Plaques.
Then you two continue to track down
who sold his Spirit Plaque.
-Sir.
How is Uk?
Is he doing well now?
Uh, he fishes and drinks.
He appears to be doing well out there.
He has not yet removed
the binding bracelet.
You're dismissed.
[rock-style action music playing]
[Jang Uk] It's not that heavy anymore.
It's not hindering my movements too.
Some mages practice with an iron rod
in order to
strengthen their arm muscles
for sword wielding.
[Mu-deok] By wearing
that binding bracelet all day
you're unknowingly training your arm.
You're strengthening yourself
with its weight.
Although it was not intentional,
you found yourself
an excellent tool to help you train.
You're very lucky indeed.
If I take this off, then
I'll become faster and stronger.
But if you fail to control it,
it will lash out with even more energy.
Hey…
Oh, never mind.
So, what did you and… Yul talk about?
We talked about Danhyanggok.
He asked how the weather was
in the winter.
You meant to tell me
that when you were young,
you were good friends with Naksu?
I was unsure before,
but going to Danhyanggok
helps confirm
what I remembered about the past.
That's why I'm here now.
[Heo Yeom sucks teeth]
Danhyanggok is known for being
a deep and dangerous valley.
A young girl could not possibly
survive on her own.
She seemed to be hiding
because had a problem.
[Seo Yul]
After I told her about my family,
I never saw her again.
[Jin] That must mean
she recognized your family name.
It is important that you tell me
everything you know about her.
I know nothing.
[Seo Yul]
I don't know her real name or age.
Other than where we called the birds,
I never got to see where she lived.
[sighs]
But one thing.
She said something about her father.
[harmonious music playing]
[frogs croaking]
My father used to record
the stars in the sky.
[Seo Yul] I didn't pay attention to it
back then.
But now that I think about it,
those who record stars
are the mages of Cheonbugwan.
My Lord.
Among those constellation recorders,
does anyone hold a grudge against us?
Cheonbugwan's…
recorder?
[suspenseful music playing]
Mage?
[Chung shouting]
[sword swishes]
[Jin] Twenty years ago, there was
a constellation recorder mage
who died at the hands
of the four great families.
His entire family was killed that day.
[Heo Yeom] Except for one.
His only daughter disappeared.
[gasps]
[somber music playing]
So the four families
were involved in her father's death.
Uh, she must have seen you as a child
of her enemy and felt hostile towards you.
Can you tell us anything else about her?
This happened a long time ago.
I don't remember anything else.
[Seo Yul] I just wanted to see them.
The broken leg didn't bother me,
and I wasn't afraid of getting punished.
I just like seeing them a lot.
[melancholy music playing]
[young Naksu] I've seen you out here,
using that to call over your bird
a few times.
I'd like to try it too.
Let me… try it.
[melancholy music continues playing]
[water dropping, echoing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[water dripping]
[Mu-deok] The Crown Prince is powerful.
This is the only way my pupil
can subdue him and survive.
Tansu, then.
[action music playing]
What do you want me to do?
You will slice through
the falling drops of water.
Although they are not raindrops,
even someone as unskilled
at swordsmanship as you
should be able to slice through
such slow-moving drops of water.
Go on.
[thrilling music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[soft splash]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
You could only slice three drops
in one breath, huh?
[Mu-deok] Well, it does not matter.
Tansu, which you'll have to master soon,
will only require you to slice once.
Tansu? But, um…
[chuckles] Look here, Master.
I understand that you want to teach me
as fast as possible
because I'm a fast learner.
But don't you think Tansu is pushing it?
It appears you have learned something
from having so many masters.
You're right.
You need to have already mastered Chisu
before it's possible to learn Tansu.
Tansu is not something
you'll be able to learn
since you have barely mastered Ryusu,
and are still struggling
to control your energy.
Okay, but?
It is the only way…
my pupil can fight
against the Crown Prince
and be able to walk away with his life.
[pensive music playing]
[beads clacking]
[epic music playing]
[gasps]
[Jang Uk exclaims]
[Jang Uk grunting]
[Mu-deok] Tansu is a skill
where you release energy
through your blade.
Although your right arm lacks the skills,
it has become much stronger
thanks to the bracelet.
Just one drop.
Hit one drop and emit your energy.
-[Jang Uk shouts]
-[wood clacking]
-[Jang Uk groans]
-[water dripping]
[groans, breathes heavily]
[Mu-deok]
You cannot master Tansu overnight.
We shall resume after we eat.
[Jang Uk groans]
[harmonious music playing]
-[sword swishing loudly]
-[Jang Uk exclaims]
[Jang Uk groaning]
Tansu, huh?
What a ridiculous way to waste one's time.
[Master Lee] So, those two
are not servant and Young Master.
Instead, they are master and pupil.
[thrilling music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jang Uk groans]
[shudders]
[sighs]
[grunts]
[Jang Uk groans in pain]
Oh, Mu-deok.
[Master Lee]
So, you have been training him.
Training him to master the art of Tansu?
Where did you learn such a skill?
The Young Master Jang
is quite knowledgeable
thanks to his 12 former masters.
Is he trying to run
before even learning how to walk?
He has a long way to go, and…
[Mu-deok] In any case,
he should try to take a step.
Then, if he takes that step,
your pupil could easily fall to his death.
Is your Young Master even aware of that?
[pensive music playing]
[Jang Uk groans]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Jang Uk groaning]
Why didn't you dodge it? [groans]
[Jang Uk] You…
[somber music playing]
You're in pain because you're forcing
your energy to come out.
[Master Lee] More importantly,
your arm could burst doing that.
[Jang Uk grunts]
There's a chance it could rot,
then you'll have to cut your arm off.
You mean it?
[Master Lee] If rotten energy surges
throughout your body,
it'll be much worse.
You could die.
[somber music continues playing]
The heat in your arm is gone.
You are fine now.
So, all you need is rest.
Don't lie to me, okay?
Everything Master Lee said
was true, right?
But then again, whether I die of poison,
or I'm flogged to death, or I'm stabbed,
or my arm explodes into pieces,
my merciless master will never worry
about her pupil, right?
Right, I'm not worried.
Because you have so much luck, don't you?
And you're also competent.
Wow, look at that.
You really are an excellent liar too.
I'm only trying not to dampen your spirit.
Ah, thank you so much,
my very cruel yet caring master.
But you should never come close to me
when I'm holding a sword.
You almost got stabbed back there.
I only stood there because I was waiting
for you to control your energy
before it was too late.
I was trying not to interfere.
Don't do that.
I'm just worried about you so much.
[soft music playing]
Consider it like the warm feelings
of a mother bird
who is worried about her egg cracking.
You know that?
Stop it!
[clears throat]
It will take more than that.
I could have dodged it.
Why didn't you?
I was really fast back there.
How could you have dodged it?
You are not as fast as you think.
-You're such a…
-Ow!
See how fast I am?
You couldn't dodge that at all!
Because you just did it without warning!
Really? Then this time,
I'll warn you in advance.
Mu-deok, your eyes.
Ah! You--
You bastard.
I cannot believe
that you still fell for that.
[chuckles]
Why don't you try that again now?
Try again from this close?
-Really?
-Try me.
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
The blue mark in your eye
is barely visible.
It was very pretty.
And you should not say things like
"Try me" when you're standing this close
to another person.
If you say "Try me" like this,
do you really think I'd poke your eyes?
[tense music playing]
[Jang Uk chuckles]
I see you're not a fool after all,
my Master.
But when it comes to this kind of thing,
should I be your master?
[whimsical jazz music playing]
Jang Uk.
You must think that because I lived alone
in a place like this, I'm very naïve.
Well, yeah?
I have so much to teach you,
lots of things.
[hesitates] Like what?
Ow!
Hey, Mu-deok!
"Surely, she would not poke me like this?"
A truly skilled individual strikes when
their adversary is thinking like that.
Remember that, my naïve pupil.
Hey, you poked me really hard!
I can't see. I'm injured.
I poked you only lightly. It's unfair!
Mu-deok.
[groans in pain]
Hey, Mu-deok.
[Go Won] Is that another new concubine?
So he has this attitude to ignore law
and procedure,
and is getting married in secret.
[eunuch] She comes from a small family
of mages in the east.
On the day she was born, a comet
had brushed past the Big Dipper.
At this rate, he will summon
all of the women in Daeho
who were born under all sorts of stars.
[Jin Mu] That is because your father's
after the King's Star.
[eerie music playing]
When the late king ascended the throne,
a prophecy was made about
how the next great king would be born
with the energy of the King's Star.
The people of Daeho were delighted.
However,
your father, who ascended the throne,
had an ordinary horoscope,
and you had the same.
There were many rumors.
The prophecy was incorrect from the start.
And Gwanju Jang Gang fled because he gave
such a ridiculous prediction.
But His Majesty believes that prophecy.
That is why he is afraid, sire.
I am not afraid of him.
But you are afraid that someone
born under the King's Star will appear,
that a child like this will be born.
[Jin Mu] Does this not make you afraid?
Your duel against Jang Uk
is right around the corner.
Eliminate the son of the man
who gave such a terrifying prophecy.
You must get rid of that what you fear
when you are able to.
Do you…
think Jang Uk would even show up?
I heard he fled immediately.
Rumor has it that he is even
contemplating marriage to avoid it.
Jang Uk is getting married?
I heard that he is marrying
into the Jin family
in order to gain
the protection of their plaque.
Wait, Uk and Cho-yeon are getting married?
Didn't they break it off last time?
That is why the preparation
is no trouble at all.
Young Lady Jin still has
the marriage gifts
from their previous engagement party.
Oh.
Right.
[Cho-yeon]
After the marriage ceremony, Jang Uk,
I mean, my husband
will have to move into our home.
But my current room
is too small for the both of us.
Could we possibly use the big room
on the east side of the house,
instead of my room?
You know it's your sister's, Bu-yeon's.
But it's the best room
we have in our house.
Leaving it vacant for over a decade
is a waste, if you ask me.
It's never been vacant.
Its owner will return.
So how is it vacant?
I'm sorry for what I said, Mother.
Your Father is looking for her.
He'll make sure
that Bu-yeon returns home soon.
You may go and bring the yin-yang jade.
[gasps]
Why the yin-yang jade?
Have you not been begging for it?
They say that when a couple shares rings
made with this jade,
your love for each other deepens.
You may have it
to craft your wedding rings with it.
Thank you so much, Mother.
[soft music playing]
-[Cho-yeon gasps]
-[box clatters]
[groans]
[gasps]
[eerie laughter]
You stupid pot.
It was you, right?
Ugh, so annoying.
[sighs]
So,
I suppose it annoys you
that I'm getting married.
But just you wait.
I'll wear this yin-yang jade as a ring,
and I'll be even more annoying.
Hmm!
[ominous music playing]
[scoffs softly]
Eat up, you two.
Yeah.
[Master Lee]
I brought home a pheasant earlier.
Where did the pheasant go
and why do I only see greens?
The pheasant meat is in the--
It's in the soup.
The pheasant was not very big,
so there wasn't much left
after I made the broth.
[whimsical music playing]
[Jang Uk gasps]
Mm.
There's a very faint taste of pheasant.
I overheard this
while selling herbs in Songrim.
Two prominent families
are marrying off their children.
Marriage? Who are they?
They say Lady Jin's daughter is marrying
the son of a powerful family.
Jin Cho-yeon, huh?
Is she getting married?
Who's the groom?
Apparently it's the son
of the Cheonbugwan's Gwanju.
Aren't you the son of the Gwanju?
[muffled cough]
[coughing]
[whimsical music playing]
[Jang Uk] I mean, how can I get married
without knowing about it?
[Jang Uk] What on earth is going on?
What is Maid Kim up to now?
Well, most hastened weddings
tend to have been
-because the bride is pregnant.
-Impossible.
Weren't you two previously engaged?
Could it be
that you couldn't control yourself?
I've never even stayed this close
to Cho-yeon.
How could she be pregnant, huh?
Okay. You're all talk, after all.
Huh?
Then why didn't you drink
Master Lee's chaste tea?
Because one day I will--
Because one day I'll get married.
[scoffs]
So, you do want to marry someone.
[sighs]
Uh, I do want to get married.
I wanna marry someone.
[Jang Uk] I am definitely going
to get married someday, okay?
Hey, wait up.
[Dang-gu clears throat]
[Dang-gu] Why did you want to see me?
I ordered a mother-of-pearl cabinet.
Do you know when it will get here?
I plan to put it in our bedroom.
I believe the traders from the south
will arrive here in about two weeks.
But that's too late.
I should have ordered it sooner.
Don't you think…
you should inform the groom
before you buy furniture?
He has no idea
you two are getting married.
[chuckles softly]
[Cho-yeon] That's why I've already written
a letter to him.
Could you take a look
and tell me what you think?
Oh, okay.
[soft piano music playing]
[sniffs]
It smells so good.
It's a perfume that incurs
the feelings of love.
One of the treasures of Jinyowon.
[sniffing]
Wow, it is a really lovely scent.
[romantic music playing]
Why are you sniffing it,
Young Master Park? Stop right now!
Hold your nose. Your nose!
I almost wasted the precious perfume.
Please pass my letter on to Jang Uk.
And make sure there are no other women
around him when he opens it.
Okay.
-Huh?
-[Dang-gu gasps]
[laughs softly]
Cho-yeon, what are you doing?
Your hands are as the same size as Uk's.
They look the same, right,
Young Master Park?
Why?
Come with me
to get our wedding rings fitted.
Would you do that for me?
Why should I go
get your wedding rings fitted?
You should go with your groom.
Marriage is not something one does
because only one person wants it.
Both sides have to want it.
It's just really hard to see you
like this, doing all this alone.
Why?
Do you think I am getting ahead of myself?
And that Uk would break if off again
like last time?
[melancholy music playing]
Whether or not
you're getting ahead of yourself,
I'll help you with the wedding rings.
Just make sure the wedding goes well.
I will lend you my hand.
[Jang Uk] I have been thinking about it.
And Maid Kim was vehemently
against the idea of me moving
into Cho-yeon's house
when we last discussed marriage.
There can only be one reason for it,
if she'd allow it now.
It is to save me.
She must have made
a deal with the Jin family
to avoid your duel with the Crown Prince
by marrying Cho-yeon.
That must mean she needed Lady Jin's help.
Then, if that truly is the case,
will you get married?
What do you think, Master?
Should I marry her?
Can I?
I will not be able to stay here with you
if you get married.
[Jang Uk] You're right.
I should return home.
Even if you do return home,
we cannot be as we are now.
Why? You can still be by my side
as my servant.
I do not intend to stay by your side
only as your servant.
You should go and check it out yourself.
I will be waiting for you at Chwiseonru.
If you don't pick me up,
I will go back on my own.
[sighs]
CHWISEONRU
[tense music playing]
What?
We are mages from Cheonbugwan.
We have orders to bring you in
if we spotted you.
Let's go.
[Mu-deok] The Crown Prince
personally gave me his sachet.
Meaning I have his protection.
You're not allowed to take me anywhere.
[gasps]
What are you doing? Let me go!
I have the Crown Prince's assertion.
[grunts]
We brought her
from Chwiseonru as instructed.
Chwiseonru?
[court lady groans]
The girl you requested is here,
Your Highness.
Where?
[court lady] She is right here.
[Go Won] Her?
[court lady] You should
raise your head, girl.
[harmonious music playing]
Huh? Hey, why are you dressed like that?
I have no idea.
Your maid just dragged me here,
and she made me look like this.
-What? Is this your doing?
-[court lady] Is--
Is she not the gisaeng
brought over from Chwiseonru…
Crown Prince?
[sighs]
She's not.
-She's just Filthy Mu-deok.
-Who?
[scoffs]
Go on.
Go now.
What is this?
Why did you ask them to bring me here?
I had something filthy
to tell Filthy Mu-deok,
so I told them to get you.
[Go Won]
But you are not filthy right now, are you?
Filth and silk don't go hand in hand.
It seems they do for someone
such as you, Your Royal Highness.
Did you actually just snap at me?
Never.
I'm grateful that you dressed someone
like myself in silk.
Okay, so, this, uh…
this does not suit you.
Since you don't want to see me like this,
and I'm uncomfortable right now,
I'll go get changed.
Wait.
Uh, it's fine. Just keep it on.
Tell me then, what you wish from me.
Whatever it is, I'll do it.
Just go and tell your master
to not show up.
To not be here at our duel.
[Go Won] I would rather spare his life
than make enemies of Songrim.
It's best for everyone to say
that Jang Uk fled the duel.
So Jang Uk just needs
to be the laughingstock of Daeho.
[Go Won] That's right.
If he insists on coming to the duel,
you have to stop him.
If he comes to the duel, I will kill him.
So, tell him to stay hidden
and marry into the Jin family.
So, it is true that if he gets married,
he won't have to fight.
What will you do
when your Young Master gets married?
Will you follow him?
No, I won't.
Why? Did he say
he will not bring you with him?
So he's leaving behind a servant
who would drink filthy water for him.
Jang Uk knows neither loyalty
nor his duty.
He does know a little bit of…
loyalty and duty.
You're on his side?
You always bad-mouthed him.
I'm sorry, Your Highness.
I know me bad-mouthing him
would please you.
But I do not have any energy needed
to run my mouth off right now.
[chuckles softly]
You've become a filthy mutt
who's destined to be abandoned, huh?
Should I take you in?
I can if you want.
I'm sure there will be things
for you to do in the palace.
No, Sir.
Although I may be a filthy girl
avoided by everyone,
I refuse to serve just anyone,
Your Royal Highness.
Forget it.
I do not want filth by my side.
You may leave.
Yes.
I will leave you be,
Your Royal Highness.
"Just anyone?"
I'm the Crown Prince.
That filthy girl.
She just says whatever she wants.
[ominous music playing]
-Careful now. You can take your time.
-[servant] Thanks.
Maid Kim.
-How have you been, huh?
-[exclaims happily]
Young Master!
Oh gosh, my dear Young Master!
[maid Kim] Oh wow.
[sobs]
-Oh, Young Master!
-Were you worried?
Please tell me, have you been eating well?
-Mm. I have. I have been eating well.
-Oh, my.
-Wow, Maid Kim, your skin is radiating.
-Oh!
Let's go inside.
[laughs]
[Seo Yul] The one who tried
to sell Songrim's Spirit Plaque,
was it that woman?
[tense music playing]
It was not me. It was Mu-deok's idea.
So Mu-deok tried
to sell Uk's Spirit Plaque?
I was only trying
to introduce her to the seller.
But Ae-hyang stole it
and tried to sell it herself.
So, really, Mu-deok and I had nothing
to do with it.
What is this?
Why are you here and dressed up like that?
It is a really long story.
Don't tell me…
you've returned to Chwiseonru?
Did Uk send you back
because he is getting married?
God, no.
Even if Young Master Jang
does get married,
there is no way
I would ever come back here.
Ju-wol finally caved and confessed.
You tried to sell Uk's Spirit Plaque.
Yeah, I did try.
Why?
Well, because I wanted to make money.
[Mu-deok] I wanted to wear pretty clothes
like this, eat good food,
and be able to afford having fun
at places like this.
So when you were drunk before,
you were trying to have fun like this?
That's right. I stole Young Master Jang's
money and drank it away.
[scoffs]
It's impossible for me to understand you.
I truly will never know
what's going on in that head of yours.
Why would you need to do that,
Young Master Seo Yul?
It's best for you to remain ignorant.
I will be going inside now.
Would you like to come in with me,
Young Master?
No, thanks.
Bye then.
[tense music playing]
CHWISEONRU
The Plaque…
So Naksu was the one selling it.
I'll find you.
[tense music intensifies]
Young Master.
Why do you not want
to marry into their family?
Do you dislike Young Lady Jin?
It is not that I dislike her. I'm…
I'm just not interested in her.
You have feelings
for another young lady then, don't you?
[maid Kim] What's her name?
Is it someone I've met before?
No, you have never met her before,
Maidservant Kim.
So there is one.
Tell me everything.
I knew there was a girl.
Well…
she-- she is like a single bird egg
at the top of a tall tree.
I'm the only one she has.
How can I possibly go off and get married?
You just described
the most dangerous kind of woman!
The kind who have nothing
and claim you're all they have.
[sighs]
She's not like that.
Who is she? Tell me this instant, hmm?
I will take care of it right away.
And how would you do that?
Once I give her a silk pouch
with more money than she can count,
her egg will crack
and she'll soar away fine!
[sighs]
I'm telling you, she can't just soar away.
-Things aren't that simple. Jeez.
-Hmm.
In any case,
I can't get married right now, okay?
So take care of it for me.
-Huh?
-You heard me. Do it.
Young Master.
[yelps]
What's wrong with your arm?
Did you get hurt?
Show me.
[maid Kim gasps]
What did you do to your arm?
Did it get out of control again?
Please sell this for me.
It's made of the finest silk,
so make sure to sell it for lots of money.
All right. Oh, the madam is tending
to a customer at the moment.
Young Lady Jin from Jinyowon is with her.
[gisaeng] She is looking for someone
who can craft her wedding rings
for the big day.
It seems she is marrying
a young master from Songrim.
[gisaeng chuckles]
[Ju-wol] How do you feel about this one?
[instrumental music playing]
So these are the works
of the finest craftsmen in all of Daeho?
They are fancy, but a bit too tacky.
Hmm.
Then before we continue,
may I see the yin-yang jade?
Seeing it for myself will help me
give you better recommendations.
Hmm.
They say when a man and woman
share a yin-and-yang jade,
their love for each other
only grows deeper.
[ominous music playing]
[Cho-yeon sighs]
[Cho-yeon] Why did the jade break?
It was fine when I left Jinyowon.
-[Cho-yeon yelps]
-[box clatters]
[sighs]
So it broke when I fell.
[gisaeng] Mu-deok.
[Ju-wol] Young Lady Jin.
You're leaving Chwiseonru so soon. Why?
I see that Mu-deok is here.
So, is Uk here as well?
No.
Oh. Okay.
He and Mu-deok are attached at the hip,
so he's probably in the fortress.
Maybe you can look for him there.
They're attached at the hip?
She serves him only as his servant.
Watch what you say.
You should know that Mu-deok
is not just any ordinary servant
to Young Master Jang.
One time Mu-deok got really drunk here,
and he came to take her home.
[Ju-wol] They have a real connection.
The Young Master even carried her home
on his back.
You know,
he must have bought her from us
because she has a special place
in his heart.
He bought Mu-deok from Chwiseonru?
She was a gisaeng?
She was one really poor girl.
It's no wonder the Young Master
cares about Mu-deok so much.
[sighs]
[Cho-yeon] Hmm!
You.
You know who I am, right, Mu-deok?
Oh, of course.
You are Jin Cho-yeon from Jinyowon, right?
I will no longer be a Young Lady,
but a Lady soon.
Because soon I'll be married
to my betrothed, to your Young Master.
Oh, yes.
Congratulations on the engagement.
Being your master's wife makes me
your master as well.
There's something you must do for me.
First, you must carry this.
What is this?
[ominous music playing]
[Mu-deok] What was that just now?
Is that a broken stone?
It's extremely precious.
So if anything were to happen to it,
you will take responsibility.
[Mu-deok]
Is she telling me not to break something
that is already broken?
Please take that and follow me.
Wait.
You are not my master yet, my Lady.
I must go to Young Master Jang
right now. Goodbye.
[Cho-yeon scoffs]
Did she just ignore me?
Was what I just saw back there real?
[ominous music playing]
[Mu-deok] It is best that
I do not cross paths with him.
[Cho-yeon] Hey! You!
[Mu-deok] The dangerous man?
Or the nasty wench?
Oh, my Lady.
Give that to me. I will carry it for you.
[Cho-yeon] Very well.
You must make sure it does not break.
[Mu-deok] So it really is broken.
She's trying to pin the blame on me.
[Mu-deok] So,
this is the home of the Jin family.
[muffled ringing]
[objects clanging]
[birds chirping frantically]
[choral music playing]
What?
Mother.
[choral music continues playing]
[maid Kim] You cannot leave like this.
Stand before your late mother's picture
and promise that you will marry Lady Jin.
It's the only way to protect
your father's position as the Gwanju.
Maid Kim.
Do you believe…
that I am really
Gwanju Jang Gang's only son?
Do you really know…
who my biological father is?
Why would you ask something like that?
Of course you are the Gwanju's only son.
Yes. That's what I believed
my entire life, too.
[Jang Uk] I do not want to deny it now.
So…
I refuse to sit still and just do nothing.
No matter what I do.…
don't stop me, okay?
Maidservant Kim,
someone from the Jin household is outside.
From Jinyowon? What is this about?
Something serious
has happened at Jinyowon.
They request that Young Master Jang
hurries over right away.
They're waiting for him.
[pensive music playing]
[Jang Uk] You've been looking for me?
What is this all about?
One of our treasures has disappeared.
However…
a specific person has disappeared with it.
[Mu-deok] So this is
the renowned Jin family's Jinyowon.
[mirror Mu-deok] Hey.
So it really is you.
It's been a while.
[intense music playing]
[water rippling]
[eerie music playing]
You mean to say…
that Mu-deok has disappeared?
[Ho-gyeong] Yes.
That girl, Mu-deok, stole it.
She took our yin-yang jade
and ran before anyone knew.
[intense percussive music playing]
["Aching" by Kassy playing]
[mirror Mu-deok] I know you have been
thinking about me, Your Highness,
so I came to see you.
You were longing for
the one you met at Danhyanggok.
[Seo Yul] What do you mean, "longing"?
I would never.
[Jang Uk] Would you please open it?
The place of relics and artifacts.
Open the door to Jinyowon.
[Ho-gyeong] You could become possessed
and trapped inside.
-You're just too scared to touch that.
-[Go Won yelps]
What was that?
[Gil-ju] Bring Jang Uk to me.
[Mu-deok] I must sacrifice you to survive.
It is only right.
[Seo Yul] Mu-deok is Naksu.
[men grunt]
[Mu-deok] Fight like your life
depends on it, my pupil.